docs: CPLYTM-1089 adding README's for microservices (#42)
complytime/complytime-collector-components: proofwatch/README.md

# `proofwatch` instrumentation kit

## Overview

Proofwatch captures, normalizes, and emits formatted compliance-data logs using the OpenTelemetry format (OTLP).

## Compatibility 

> Proofwatch is a distinctive microservice that can be used any standard OpenTelemetry Collector to receive and process compliance-data logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Proofwatch is an OpenTelemetry instrumentation library that enables applications to log compliance evidence and policy evaluation events using OpenTelemetry's structured logging format.
```
